Are you cold?
How to wear a turtleneck sweater
Ah, I grew up cold.
So I'm afraid of the cold
It's a little thicker
Don't be busy everyone
Mr. Zhou invites everyone to drink
Thank you Mr. Zhou
Then you go to work
In case the plan I asked you to prepare last time
How are you preparing?
It's ready.
We have made a total of four versions of the plan this time.
The client finally opted for the third edition
They had an interview this afternoon
You go there first
I have a meeting this afternoon. Okay
Hello, I'm from Providence Games.
May I ask Huiying?
Does the company's grandson always book a private room here?
Wait a minute.
Ah, yes!
The elevator goes to the third floor here.
The second bag wall on the right is good, thank you.
Why is there no one?
Give Mr. Sun a call